# TheGamingProject

The Gaming Room had a game called Draw it or Lose it. This game was currently available as an Android mobile game. The Gaming Room was looking to expand this game as a web-based application available on multiple platforms. 

I did a lot of great research in preparation for this design document. I didn't stick to only the first resource I could find and found out a lot of information across the internet. This information included the many differences between operating platforms, how to create software design documents, cloud servers vs traditional servers, and how to create UML diagrams. 

The constraints and UML diagram were great resources to use when creating the code for this project. The constraints listed out important key factors to pay attention to and the UML diagram helped me visually understand how each class would interact with one another. It was also great to have the requirements for a project available in detail to reference and build off of. 

If I had to pick one thing to revise in this software design document, I would choose the revision history. There are other things I would expand upon in the operating systems comparison section but the revision part of this document is bothering me. I just realized that I never kept that updated since I created the document. Working with these technical design documents at work, I know the importance of keeping that up to date and accurate. Being able to track what changes were made and by who makes it much easier to reach out to them if anything needs to be fixed or built upon. 

The Gaming Room's constraints had to do a lot with how the games were structured. There should be one or more teams, those teams should have multiple players, and only one instance of the game can be in memory at a given time. Each class could be referenced by another. They were linked as GameSerivce -> Game -> Team -> Player. They were associated with one another as you went down the line so multiple games could be a part of GameService, and multiple teams could be a part of Game. The way these could only exist as a single instance is using a Singleton class. The Singleton class verified that there was only one instance of a game with the same name or ID. 

The approach I had when designing this software was to create a software design document to list out a summary, constraints, and details on how to approach development. Using a UML diagram, it was easy to see how each class interacted with one another and the methods and attributes that those classes utilized. I also used the resources given to us in this course along with other information I could find online to understand why and how the program behaved a certain way. I will continue to use all of these techniques in the future as I continue to design other software. The design document and UML diagrams were both new and different to me but made so much sense to me as a developer to use. 
